feat: add backup & sync capabilities to `AccountTreeController` (#6344)
MetaMask/core: packages/account-tree-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- **BREAKING:** Add backup and sync capabilities ([#6344](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/6344))

>   - New `syncWithUserStorage()` method for manual sync triggers, replacing `UserStorageController:syncInternalAccountsWithUserStorage` usage in clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New `syncWithUserStorage()` and `syncWithUserStorageAtLeastOnce()` methods for manual sync triggers, replacing `UserStorageController:syncInternalAccountsWithUserStorage` usage in clients.
```

  - `BackupAndSyncService` with full and atomic sync operations for account tree data persistence.
  - Bidirectional metadata synchronization for wallets and groups with user storage.

>   - Automatic sync triggers on metadata changes (rename, pin/hide operations) with superstruct validation.

Reviewer: Nit: But I don't think we need to mention `superstruct` here?
```suggestion
  - Automatic sync triggers on metadata changes (rename, pin/hide operations).
```

  - New `isBackupAndSyncInProgress` state property to track sync status.
  - Analytics event tracking and performance tracing for sync operations.
  - Rollback mechanism for failed sync operations with state snapshot/restore capabilities.
  - Support for entropy-based wallets with multichain account syncing.
  - Legacy account syncing compatibility for seamless migration.
  - Optional configuration through new `AccountTreeControllerConfig.backupAndSync` options.
  - Add `@metamask/superstruct` for data validation.

>   - Add `@metamask/profile-sync-controller` and `@metamask/multichain-account-service` peer dependencies.

Reviewer: Those are peer dep, IMO they should be on a their own changelog entry (as breaking too)

### Added

- **BREAKING:** Add backup and sync capabilities ([#6344](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/6344))
  - New `syncWithUserStorage()` method for manual sync triggers, replacing `UserStorageController:syncInternalAccountsWithUserStorage` usage in clients
  - `BackupAndSyncService` with full and atomic sync operations for account tree data persistence
  - Bidirectional metadata synchronization for wallets and groups with user storage
  - Automatic sync triggers on metadata changes (rename, pin/hide operations) with superstruct validation
  - New `isBackupAndSyncInProgress` state property to track sync status
  - Analytics event tracking and performance tracing for sync operations
  - Rollback mechanism for failed sync operations with state snapshot/restore capabilities
  - Support for entropy-based wallets with multichain account syncing
  - Legacy account syncing compatibility for seamless migration
  - Optional configuration through new `AccountTreeControllerConfig.backupAndSync` options
  - Add `@metamask/superstruct` for data validation

>   - Add `@metamask/profile-sync-controller` and `@metamask/multichain-account-service` peer dependencies

Reviewer: Can you move this to the `## [Unreleased]` section under a new `### Added` sub-section? That should fix the CI.
